If I make a mistake
I'm afraid it's going to fall on the head
I really think the prime minister is right
This is clearly a thousand miles horse
Hahaha Your Majesty Victory
Traitor in power
This court is not waiting
Your Majesty, I have something to start
Your Majesty has fallen asleep
It is reasonable to choose a concubine and then reproduce
This time, this old man even has to take care of my wife
Really treat me like trash
Party copying
How Zixuan
Xiuniu enters the hall
I'd like to see which beautiful women you picked for me
Your Majesty, how is this beauty?
Uh, the prime minister really has unique taste
What's your name?
Famous daughter Li Weiran
This beauty is like
Sooner or later, old thing, I will kill your whole family
Haha, hmm.
Ha ha.
Your Majesty, these beautiful girls are all talented
All come from famous families
I don't know if His Majesty is a very satisfied person
The prime minister's discerning eyes are really impressive
Unique taste
But I like it
What size woman?
You know uh your majesty
This woman
Or meet His Majesty's requirements